README.md, before:

# URL-Shortener

> A mini-project that shortens long urls. 

## Built With

- Ruby on Rails
- Ruby
- [Kaminari](https://github.com/kaminari/kaminari) pagination gem.
- [Stimulusjs](https://stimulus.hotwired.dev/)

## Live Demo

[live link](#)

## Getting Started

To get a local copy follow these simple example steps.

- Make sure you have Postgres and Ruby installed.
- Open the terminal window and clone the repository using this command: git clone https://github.com/wuletawwonte/url-shortener.git
- Open the repo by typing : cd url-shortener
- Install the project's dependencies by running this command: bundle install
- Run `rails db:create` to create the database.
- Run rails `rails db:schema:load` to create the relations in the database for the project based on the schema file inside the `db` folder.
- Run `rails server` or `./bin/dev` to start the application on local server.

For developers run this command to auto build tailwindcss

```bash
./bin/dev
```

## Authors

👤 **Wuletaw Wonte**

- GitHub: [@wuletawwonte](https://github.com/wuletawwonte)
- Twitter: [@wuletaww](https://twitter.com/wuletaww)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/wuletaw-wonte)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Write unit tests for the resources controller

README.md, after:

# URL-Shortener

> A mini-project that shortens long urls.

## Built With

- Ruby on Rails
- Ruby
- [Kaminari](https://github.com/kaminari/kaminari) pagination gem.
- [Stimulusjs](https://stimulus.hotwired.dev/)

## Live Demo

[live link](#)

## Getting Started

To get a local copy follow these simple example steps.

- Make sure you have Postgres and Ruby installed.
- Open the terminal window and clone the repository using this command: git clone https://github.com/wuletawwonte/url-shortener.git
- Open the repo by typing : cd url-shortener
- Install the project's dependencies by running this command: bundle install
- Run `rails db:create` to create the database.
- Run rails `rails db:schema:load` to create the relations in the database for the project based on the schema file inside the `db` folder.
- Run all unit tests in the project using `rspec`
- Run `rails server` or `./bin/dev` to start the application on local server.

For developers run this command to auto build tailwindcss

```bash
./bin/dev
```

## Authors

👤 **Wuletaw Wonte**

- GitHub: [@wuletawwonte](https://github.com/wuletawwonte)
- Twitter: [@wuletaww](https://twitter.com/wuletaww)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/wuletaw-wonte)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE.md) licensed.
